docs edits to "Understanding Zarf Components" page (#1563)
defenseunicorns/zarf: docs/4-user-guide/2-zarf-packages/2-zarf-components.md

* Files to move onto the host.
* Helm charts to install into the running K8s cluster.
* Raw Kubernetes manifests to deploy (by getting converted into zarf-generated helm charts and installed).
* Container images to push into the registry the init-package created in the K8s cluster.
* Git repositories to push into the git server the init-package created in the K8s cluster.
* Data to push into a resource (i.e. a pod) in the K8s cluster.
* Scripts to run before/after the component is deployed.

### Deploying a Component

When you deploy a Zarf Package, the **components inside it are deployed in the order specified in the `zarf.yaml` file used to create the package.** Each component in the `zarf.yaml` configuration file is marked as either required or optional. Required components are deployed automatically without any user input when the package is deployed. Optional components are printed out in an interactive prompt, allowing you to choose whether or not to deploy them.

> If you know which components you want to deploy, you can avoid getting prompted by specifying them as a comma-separated list to the  `--components` flag when executing the deploy command. For instance, you can enter `zarf package deploy ./path/to/package.tar.zst --components=optional-component-1,optional-component-2` to deploy those specific components.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you know which components you want to deploy, you can avoid getting prompted by specifying them as a comma-separated list to the `--components` flag when executing the deploy command. For instance, you can enter `zarf package deploy ./path/to/package.tar.zst --components=optional-component-1,optional-component-2` to deploy those specific components.
```
extra space

     name: flux-v1.0.0
```

:::note

> When importing a component, Zarf will copy all of the values from the original component except for the `required` key. In addition, while Zarf will copy the values, you have the ability to override the value for the `description` key.

Reviewer: ```suggestion

When importing a component, Zarf will merge in all of the values from that component except for the `required` key - this allows the component you are importing from to specify override values that will be merged together with the base values from the imported component (i.e. adding additional `manifests`, `images`, or `repos`)
```

Reviewer: This is maybe a clearer way to describe this feature - While the old text hinted at it, this helps expand on what it might be used for (we also at some point should update that example because it doesn't show that at all...)
